12. What concepts are covered in classes from C145 to C192 ?
Concepts of AR and VR inclusive of HTML, CSS, Javascript, A-frame and AR.js are
covered in these classes

13. What concepts are covered in classes from C193 to C232 ?
Concepts of Computer networking including mobile app development, python, open
source networking, GUI libraries, react.js, firebase and google cloud are covered in
these classes.

14. What concepts are covered in classes from C233 to C250 ?
Concepts of IOT and its applications inclusive of python, node, microcontroller units,
arduino, servers and sensors are covered in these classes.

15. What concepts are covered in classes from C251 to C270 ?
Concepts of Autonomous robots including arduino sensor, actuators and bluetooth are
covered in these classes.

16. What concepts are covered in classes from C271 to C300 ?
Concepts involved in Self Driving Cars along with Image processing and PID are
covered in these classes.

17. Are the classes based on arduino, autonomous robots and self driving cars covered on
actual hardware?
No, they will be covered using computer simulators.

18. Where can I learn more about Arduino ?
You can refer this link to learn more about arduino and arduino circuits:
https://www.arduino.cc/en/guide/introduction


19. What is A-frame ?
You can refer to basic programming in A-frame on this link: https://aframe.io/


20. What is PID ?
A large number of controllers exist to move a robot/vehicle. They are more or less
complex depending on the problem that we want to solve.The simplest of all is called
Proportional Integral Derivative or PID. To learn more you can refer this link:
https://towardsdatascience.com/the-final-step-control-783467095138

21. What is the difference between react.js and react native ?
React is a framework for building applications using JavaScript. React Native is an entire
platform allowing you to build native, cross-platform mobile apps, and React.js is a
JavaScript library you use for constructing a high performing UI layer. To learn more refer
this link:
https://www.cognitiveclouds.com/insights/what-is-th